# ABSTRACT: How Do I Command The All Powerful Web Scraper Scrappy?

package Scrappy::Manual;

=head1 WHAT IS SCRAPPY

Scrappy is an easy (and hopefully fun) way of scraping, spidering, and/or
harvesting information from web pages. Internally Scrappy uses the awesome
Web::Scraper and WWW::Mechanize modules so as such Scrappy imports its
awesomeness. Scrappy is inspired by the fun and easy-to-use Dancer API. Beyond
being a pretty API for WWW::Mechanize::Plugin::Web::Scraper, Scrappy also has its
own featuer-set which makes web scraping easier and more enjoyable.

Scrappy (pronounced Scrap+Pee) == 'Scraper Happy' or 'Happy Scraper'; If you
like you may call it Scrapy (pronounced Scrape+Pee) although Python has a web
scraping framework by that name and this module is not a port of that one.

=head1 BASIC USAGE

    #!/usr/bin/perl
    use Scrappy qw/:syntax/;
        
    # get page from URL
    get 'http://search.cpan.org/recent';
    
    if (loaded) {
        var modules => grab '#cpansearch li a', { name => 'TEXT', link => '@href' };
    }
    
    # the list function deferences, list == @{...}
    print $_->{name}, "\n" for list var->{modules};

=head1 ADVANCED USAGE

=head2 Scrape From A Website

    get $website_url;
    var foo => grab 'a.more_info', 'ALL';

=head2 Scrape From A File

    use URI;
    get URI->new($filename);
    var foo => grab 'div', 'ALL';
    
=head2 Scrape An Entire Website

    crawl $starting_url, {
        'a' => sub { queue shift->href },
        '/*' => sub {
            # /* matches the root node, you can also use body, div.container, etc
            # do something
        }
    };

=head1 DISCLAIMER

This documentation is incomplete, obviously. For help and support find alnewkirk
or alnewkirk|com on IRC, or find this project on GitHub. If all else fails, write
your local congressman.

=cut